We add a firebase Let's now use it to store data for Dad we'll revisit the Edmond area and here where
we are able to create a new post Desire's where we want to store data.
We got our admin post form and now it's time to revisit this in the admin section of the components
we got the admin post form component and there you see when we actually submit the form here we call
on say.
And then on safe.
This is where we should do something else than just logging this.
Instead we should emit an event a custom event that allows us to handle the form submission in whichever
component includes the admin posts form component.
So we can just call this dollar sign emit and maybe emit d submit event or whatever you want to call
it.
And here I want to pass this added that post.
So does object which stores all the fields we have.
You can also add validation first if you want.
Now I'll just focus on the submission.
We have submitted.
We can go back to New Post and we can now listen to and submit the cast in the event we just add it.
And here I want to execute on submitted.
So I will add this as a method to year in the methods object on submitted.
And here I will actually receive my foreign data or my post data.
So the data we are submitting here as a second argument in demit call.
Now we can use that data in our new post page here in the onza made a method a one to send the HTP request
to firebase and it turns out that if we send a post request to dis you r l and then some note of our
choice at the end of it to create a new field in that object the database in the end is that it will
then automatically create an entry year without us writing any server side code.
So we need to send Zuch HDP request and forward it.
I want to use a third party library.
So what's the development server temporarily with Control-C and I'll then install this library which
is X-ists I Dudas with NPM install save X-ists access as a javascript package that makes sending Ajax
requests a breeze.
And that's a cool thing which also runs on the server which will become handy later.
With that install We can rerun the double up and server and here in a minute I can now use it for that.
We should first of all imported so import years from axis just like that.
And with that we can already use it and use x yes send a post request by calling the post method and
then entered the you or L we want to send the request to the U r l.
Here is dis you are el.
But then we also need to add a node which we want to store the data in like posts maybe.
And then the special thing about firebase is that you need to add dot Jason at the end.
This is only required because of firebase not because of next X years or anything like that.
The second argument of the post request should be the data you want to send.
And each year that could just be our post data.
Now we can add up then block because years post Mefford returns and a promise where we could Konsole
lock the result
or where we catch any errors we get.
For now we'll just log it.
Let's save this and let's try it out.
Let's go back to our application to the Edmond area.
Now here I got an error because post list is not initialized correctly but I can go to the new post
page.
And now let's enter some data max.
My cool post.
Let's grab the image link.
I'll use the link from before and some post content.
And now if I had save we get something locked to the console which has a 200 status code that looks
good.
And if we go back to our database we see a new node posts because we targeted slash posts to Jason here
and if we expand it we get automatically created ID that was created by firebase to give our new posts
a unique ID.
And here we have the data we entered.
So this is how we can add new posts.
Now that's pretty cool.
Let's also see and that's probably the more interesting part how we can fetch that data in the next
lecture.